Intial commit to add environment descriptions to System>Support (#709)
freenas/freenas-docs: userguide/system.rst

  diagnosing a performance bottleneck.

* **Environment** is a drop-down menu to indicate the role of the
  affected system.

  .. tabularcolumns:: |>{\RaggedRight}p{\dimexpr 0.20\linewidth-2\tabcolsep}
                      |>{\RaggedRight}p{\dimexpr 0.16\linewidth-2\tabcolsep}

.. _environment options:

.. table:: Environment Options
      :class: longtable

   +---------------------+----------------------------------------------------------+
   | Environment         | Description                                              |
   +=====================+==========================================================+

>    | Production          | The system is functional and being used in a production  |

Reviewer: This is a production system in daily use.

>    |                     | affects customers directly.                              |

Reviewer 2: The sentence for the "Production" environment reads a little harshly and implies there is data loss when there is a production outage. My recommendation would be to say something like `The system is functional and being used in a production environment.`

   |                     |                                                          |
   +---------------------+----------------------------------------------------------+
   | Staging             | The system is being prepared for production.             |
   |                     |                                                          |
   +---------------------+----------------------------------------------------------+

>    | Test                | The system is being used internally for testing          |

Reviewer: This system is only being used for testing purposes.

   |                     | The system does not affect customers.                    |

>    |                     |                                                          |

Reviewer 2: The sentence for the "Test" section is ambiguous and confusing, imo. My recommendation is to saying something like `The system is being used internally for testing purposes.` Remove the sentence `The system does not affect customers.`

   +---------------------+----------------------------------------------------------+
   | Prototyping         | The system is unique. The use case is likely             |
   |                     | to be rare or never seen before.                         |

>    |                     |                                                          |

Reviewer 2: The definition for "Prototyping" in this context makes it seem like the system is "unique" or is an "alpha" model of the machine. This needs to be discussed further as I don't believe this section makes much sense.

This section is probably referring to "Proof of Concept". However, this section should be removed until the original intent can be understood.

Author: Those are my thoughts as well. I also thought that the "Prototyping" environment would be very similar to the "Testing" environment. Thus, if support doesn't have a concrete explanation of what the environment means and it's similar to "Testing", I think we can remove the option from the UI entirely.

Reviewer: Agreed.  The overlap between Testing and Prototyping is only going to confuse the user unless we add concrete descriptions of what each means.

   +---------------------+----------------------------------------------------------+

>    | Initial Deployment/ | The system is new and being configured for the           |

Reviewer: This is a new system being prepared for deployment into production.

   | Setup               |                                                          |

>    |                     |                                                          |

Reviewer 2: My recommendation for the sentence would be something like `The system is new and is being configured for the production environment.`

  diagnosing a performance bottleneck.

* **Environment** is a drop-down menu to indicate the role of the
  affected system.

  .. tabularcolumns:: |>{\RaggedRight}p{\dimexpr 0.20\linewidth-2\tabcolsep}
                      |>{\RaggedRight}p{\dimexpr 0.16\linewidth-2\tabcolsep}

.. _environment options:

.. table:: Environment Options
      :class: longtable

   +---------------------+----------------------------------------------------------+
   | Environment         | Description                                              |
   +=====================+==========================================================+
   | Production          | The system is being used for production. Data loss       |
   |                     | affects customers directly.                              |
   |                     |                                                          |
   +---------------------+----------------------------------------------------------+

>    | Staging             | The system is being prepared for                         |

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
   | Staging             | The system is being prepared for production.             |
```

>    |                     | production.                                              |

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion

```

   |                     |                                                          |
   +---------------------+----------------------------------------------------------+

>    | Test                | The system is being used for for internal                |

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
   | Test                | The system is being used internally.                     |
```

>    |                     | use. The system does not affect customers.               |

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
   |                     | The system does not affect customers.                    |
```

   |                     |                                                          |
   +---------------------+----------------------------------------------------------+

>    | Prototyping         | The system is one of a kind. The use case is likely      |

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
   | Prototyping         | The system is unique. The use case is likely             |
```

   |                     | to be rare or never seen before.                         |
   |                     |                                                          |
   +---------------------+----------------------------------------------------------+

>    | Initial Deployment/ | The system is new and in the process of being configured |

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
   | Initial Deployment/ | The system is new and being configured for use.          |
```

>    | Setup               | for use.                                                 |

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
   | Setup               |                                                          |
```
